Installing archgenxml 1.6 (development version)
===============================================


SVN directories - what is stable, what is not?
----------------------------------------------

ArchGenXML's svn trunk has been changed to be the 1.6 development
version. The stable version is in the 1.5 branch.

As usual, the goal is to keep trunk workable. Some of the developers
work and develop on the edge: trunk. There might be some reordering
and deprecation. There will especially be quite a lot of reordering to
move towards genericsetup. If you need stability, use the released
1.5.2 version or the 1.5 branch.


Installing trunk
----------------

With 1.6, we switched to using setuptools. So you can use the familiar
"python setup.py install" to install from subversion.

It is probably handier to do "python setup.py develop", though, as
that wires up your svn checkout as the currently installed
version. This is the almost-no-hassle way recommended for those that
run from svn trunk.

"python setup.py install" (or develop) generates and installs an
"archgenxml" script in /usr/local/bin or wherever your python uses to
place its executable scripts. The big advantage is that this works
well on windows, too.

OSX note: This can be a funny location on OSX. I know that I've had to
look around quite a bit. If it is a funny location, just symlink it
from somewhere in your path.


Trunk dependency
----------------

Trunk has a dependency on some zope3 machinery. It requires you to
have a zope 3.3 or zope 2.10 lying around somewhere. We'd love to do
this with eggs, but that messes up other zopes that use the same
python version. And zope is only half-half eggified.

So just start "archgenxml" and it'll complain about not finding some
zope libraries and it'll give you instructions on how to handle
that. If somebody's got a better idea that doesn't mess up all sorts
of things: please open a bug in the issue tracker.

